Don't slander my adult.
Cleaner clears
Wang Zhongqin, you dare to create my demon
What crime
Lord Fang Minghou
Can I testify for my cousin?
That day, the kid on the Skylark repeatedly made big mistakes
But you took care of him
Do you dare to say that there is no trick between you?
An incompetent ruin
If there is no one behind it
How can we be willing to be clamored by such a powerful man as our Zhou Gongzi?
Well, any discerning person here can understand it, right?
Minghong actually keeps a little white face
Still a blood that was swept out of the house
Now this is big news.
Unexpectedly, the appearance is cold and intellectual
Not long ago
The Marquis of Wuhou who has made the first-class merit for us downstairs
To do such a thing behind his back
It's killing the grass.
Can't come up with any actual proof
Just make up with one mouth
I see you are busy
Pardon me?
Does the boy know the fate of offending the Wang family?
Then do you know what will happen if you offend me?
An ant
Don't offend
Even if I'm trampled to death, no one can do anything to me
Linze
Put aside my second cousin's Wang family identity, which is far higher than yours
His strength is also enough to stand out from the crowd
After he becomes the Heaven Dou God General
Even the phoenix monkey can't protect you
I don't need anyone to protect me
What's more, with his character, he is not worthy of entering Heaven Dou at all
Ouch, the first time someone
Say the word unworthy in Ben Shuai's ears
That handsome doesn't mind letting you
Take a look at Ben Shuai's methods in advance
Here, cut him off.